Question 2:
    Render is a django shortcut function, imported from Django.shortcuts. Its functionality partakes in both
    the view and templating aspects of the MVT architecture. Practically speaking, render() takes one request
    object and a template name as its required parameters. The request object is used to generate a response
    and the template will become the substance of that response. Optionally, contexts can be passed into render()
    in the form of dicts. The template engine will then be able to use whatever data may be in those contexts
    to modify the final response for the client. Other optional parameters include content-type, status, and 
    using (template-engine).

Question 3:
    Extend allows replacement of html elements from the parent template via particular 'extensions' defined in
    the child template. Include will insert entirely new elements created in another template into the root template 
    which includes the include tag.

Question 4: 
    For custom tags/filters make a templatetags directory in any app directory on the level where  models.py is
    located. Then create an empty __init__.py file in the newly created directory and any file(s) that will 
    contain definitions of the custom tags/filters. Define custom tags/filters with python functions. Custom
    filters require the first positional argument to be the value that is to be filtered. Following their 
    definition custom tags/filters must be registered using the in-built template registry. Finally, confirm 
    that the app whose directory contains templatetags is listed in settings.py within INSTALLED_APPS. Following
    these steps, the custom tags/filters are ready to be loaded and used in a template. (SEE CODE FOR WORKING EXAMPLE)

Question 5:
    To use static files first a static folder must be created with the same name as that listed in the settings 
    STATIC_URL variable. The location of this folder must be either on the first level of any app directory or 
    the project directory. If it is in the project directory then the directory path to that static folder must
    be added to a created STATICFILES_DIRS list in the settings file. Once this is done then static files may
    be placed in this static directory and used in any template. To use it in a template write {% load static %}
    before where any static files are to be placed and then use the static tag once the declration of the static
    file/resource is explicitly declared. (SEE CODE FOR WORKING EXAMPLE)

Question 6:
    Pagination is mediated via an in-built django class. This class aids immensely in managing and listing paginated
    data, that is, data which is to be displayed page by page so that only a portion of data is associated with
    any given page. Django's paginator class will split the data evenly for us and provide useful methods/attributes
    to implement the page by page data display.

Question 7:
    'BACKEND' is a dotted Python path to a template engine class implementing Django’s template backend API. 'DIRS' 
    is a list of directories where the engine should look for template source files, in search order. 'APP_DIRS' tells 
    whether the engine should look for templates inside installed applications. 'OPTIONS' are backend-specific settings.